Title
-----
AInspector for WCAG Evaluation

Summary
-------
Evaluates web pages for features and issues related to WCAG 2.2 level A and AA requirements for making web pages more accessible to people with disabilities using web accessibility standards, including WCAG, ARIA and ARIA in HTML specifications.

Description
-----------

AInspector for WCAG evaluates the accessibility compliance of web pages based on WCAG 2.0, WCAG 2.1 or WCAG 2.2 Level A and AA requirements using OpenA11y Evaluation Library. There is at least one rule in the evaluation library for each Level A and AA requirement. It organizes the evaluation results by Rule Categories and WCAG Guidelines. Evaluation results can be exported in CSV or JSON formats. The tool is designed to help people learn about accessibility requirements, web accessibility standards and the best practices to make website more usable by people with disabilities. Web accessibility standards include the W3C Web Content Accessibility Guidelines Accessible Rich Internet Application (ARIA) specification and the ARIA in HTML specification.

NOTE: The extension does NOT collect any user or evaluation information or require a login for operation.


Screenshot Sizes
----------------
Chrome: 1280x800 or 640x400 JPEG or 24-bit PNG (no alpha)

Firefox: maximum size 2400x1800

Opera: recommended 612×408, maximum 800x600

Creating Zip Files
------------------
zip -r ../docs/dist/ainspector-firefox-4.0.0.zip . -x ".*" -x "__MACOSX"
zip -r ../docs/dist/ainspector-chrome-4.0.0.zip . -x ".*" -x "__MACOSX"


Questions
---------

Action
Used to update the toolbar icon for light and dark appearances

ActiveTab Justification
The active table is used to toggle the side panel open and closed when the user clicks the extension icon in the toolbar.

Scripting Justification
Scripting is used to toggle the side panel menu open and closed when user clicks extension icon and for highlighting content in the page.

Side Panel Justification
The side panel provides a persistent view of accessibility evaluation of a web page.  As the user changes tabs or updates the current tab the evaluation information is automatically updated.

Storage Justification
User preferences for web accessibility evaluation and export options.

Host Permission Justification
The extension provides evaluation of web pages for accessibility to people with disabilities and therefore it is important to evaluate any web page.

Clipboard Write
Copying rule and element result information into other documents, only supports plain text copying

Downloads
Can download evaluation results in either CSV or JSON format.

